How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

To ensure the program was maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I tried to adhere to Python best-practices in naming conventions, function design, and via commenting the intention of individual functions. This helps ensure myself or new developers taking the project further don't have to figure out what parts of the code are doing since variables and functions are coherently named with comments helping to fill in some blanks. Creating the program as an importable Python module allowed me to re-use the same code in several different projects, extending it as required or only using the parts neccessary for a particular piece of software. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. 
I first approach issues as a developer by focusing on the inputs expected by the program as well as how the output is expected to be used downstream. This allows me to direct my focus on first successfully retrieving the data from, in this case, a database before considering how it needs to be parsed. Once the data is successfully being retrieve, I can move to transforming the data to solve a specific problem put forth by a customer or user. Once I've logically separated the data into useable/repeatable chunks, the focus turns to either packaging the data for delivery or displaying it via a well-designed and thought out front-end.

How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I think this course followed a great flow, allowing students to focus on each step individually. The course was also set up in the way that allowed for me to go back to previous assignments and reconfigure the code written in the weeks prior since mistakes became very apparent when I was required to display certain data on demand. Going forward, I'll be trying my best to adhere to a similar process as it feels like I've become a more pragmatic programmer when considering the data and user every step of the way.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? 
Generally, a computer scientists job is to formulate and implement efficient processes leveraging external or self-made software. Often times, the work of a computer scientist starts with understanding the problem a customer is trying to solve. In the case of Grazioso Salvare, they were able to provide raw data along with the question of "how can we used this data to further our business case?" My job was to transform this raw data into an easily presentable format that allowed them to find candidates for their animal rescue programs by using data provided by Austin, TX animal shelters and cleaning that data to find which animals fit specific criteria. Generally, data is gathered around the globe at a remarkable rate but very little of it is truly useful until it's presented against a problem. From that point, computer scientists and data analysts have to find the best possible way to filter through that data to pull out viable solutions that make sense in the business-case of a company.
